---
id: 12
title: Difficult Times :(
date: 2008-06-08T21:06:29+00:00
author: Roshan Singh
layout: post
guid: http://roshansingh.wordpress.com/?p=9
permalink: /2008/06/08/9/
dsq_thread_id:
  - "4155414510"
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
It happens at least twice a week for me that i land into awkward situations 🙁 .

Last week everything was working fine for me. I was trying to learn things and do something and eventually meeting with success. But things have become really difficult for me since Jony ( the person mentoring me) has become busy&#8230;

Till then i am reading other things. Algo&#8217;s and Networks dont interest me any more !

Two days back, i realized that i need some change so i started to work on &#8220;Download Manager&#8221; which i had decided to do for the Sun Club. I searched and finally got something and then tried to make the thing work. Everything was working fine except the JTable ( if you dont know Java then it is a class used to create tables as the name suggests) which denied to work. I tried whatever i could and then left. At last I went to bed. The other morning i seached some tutorials ( i must admit that the tutorials are very good, you will get everything that you want) on Sun&#8217;s website. And finally got it .

At night i again resumed work and eventually met with success the download manager id working for me. Later I found that it lacked a mechanism to check the name of the file (which is intended to download) if it already exists. And finally after 15-20 mins i managed to make it work.

I have decided to add some more features : 1. Scheduled downloading 2. Multithreaded downloading (if possible)

Ah! but i have not left EVOLUTION. I am still trying to fix bug no 244058 . It seems it will take some time.