---
id: 296
title: Fate
date: 2010-04-13T21:24:28+00:00
author: Roshan Singh
layout: post
guid: http://roshansingh.wordpress.com/?p=296
permalink: /2010/04/13/fate/
email_notification:
  - "1271174069"
  - "1271174069"
dsq_thread_id:
  - "950827347"
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
Four years back, I was there at BIT Mesra, after counselling, I waiting for my final seat allocation. Finally after waiting for 3 hours, the result was pasted in a white sheet in a board. Suddenly a huge crowd had gathered to see their respective results. After 5 minutes I managed to reach the board, and the result was &#8220;Information Technology at NIT Durgapur&#8221;. NIT Durgapur ? Had I filled that in my options, I could barely remember, all I could remember was that I had filled the CSE, ME, IT, EEE, ECE of BIT Mesra and then NIT Jamshedpur. Had I mentioned NIT Durgapur, I took out the file to check if I had mentioned NIT Durgapur, and there it was in the middle of BIT Mesra and NIT Jamshedpur. I had no idea about this college or rather say any NIT at that time. 

I took a bus went to Lalpur Chowk, sat in a cyber cafe to check out my new college&#8217;s website to see what was the placement scenario. I got a .doc file that gave some consultancy companies like TCS, Infosys, Wipro, etc. I said to myself, &#8220;don&#8217;t worry, you will get into any of these&#8221;. After I came to college, I saw that people were getting placed easily and companies like Microsoft, Cisco were also visiting. I thought that, I landed at a safer place than NIT Jsr, however I always repented that I could not get BIT Mesra. 

To add to it, I had cleared IIT JEE with poor rank, though I could get some branch at ISM Dhanbad and M.Sc. courses at any IIT. But I thought that I had a good enough rank in AIEEE and I should opt out all these choices and go for AIEEE counselling. 

I am placed at TCS right now. Yesterday, Sapient visited our campus. I had not heard a lot about this company, however they were paying a decent salary much better than what TCS is paying. And I was rejected because I could not solve a logic puzzle (maths sequence). I was so angry at the interviewer that I even asked him, if they were looking at coders or people good at cracking CAT or similar entrance test. Had they asked me some tech questions and rejected me, I would have been satisfied.

Was it my fate? Why had recession to hit the same time when my ass was on line or rather why did IITs suddenly planned to make &#8220;only two attempts&#8221; the same year when I was to appear.

Posted from [GScribble](http://sourceforge.net/projects/gscribble/).