---
id: 493
title: WFH
date: 2013-01-19T05:59:38+00:00
author: Roshan Singh
layout: post
guid: http://roshansingh.in/blog/?p=493
permalink: /2013/01/19/wfh/
dsq_thread_id:
  - "1034295122"
categories:
  - Uncategorized
---
After a brief stint at Mountain View, I came back to Bangalore and have been working from home since then. Working from home (rather from a remote location for me, since rest of my team is on the other half of the world) has its own advantages and disadvantages. I am listing down some of the things that I have noticed about myself.

Pros:

  * You have the liberty of choosing when you want to work.
  * There is nobody to look at what and when you work. It has its own disadvantages.
  * You have time for everything as you save the extra 1.5 to 2 hours of daily commute time. If you live in Bangalore you know how difficult it is to travel during work hours.
  * Have been cooking regularly, and trying out new dishes. Have been looking at lot of cookery videos on youtube. Sometimes I feel as if I have landed in wrong profession 😛

Cons:

  * Since I am living alone in my flat, at times I feel the need to talk to people. Have been bugging my friends every now and then.
  * Its difficult to concentrate on work.
  * Collaborating on things become difficult as you don&#8217;t get to discuss things on paper or whiteboard.

Anyways its temporary since my team will be back by March. Also we will be looking for office space soon, if you happen to know any startup friendly place in IndiraNagar or Koramangala let me know.